This Qin Feng is really a genius
The little devil broke the house
Hahahahaha Qin Feng
You just programmed it.
Is this lying to us?
What do you have to pretend?
It's just that you said he can play the piano.
You have the ability to let him play
Just this two-rat trash
How could it be possible to make a model with this function?
Xiaoxue students play a song for them
Dad Xiaoxue can also play the piano
What to pack
If he could play the piano
I'm going to wash my hair upside down now
Just add me.
Yes
Don't add you.
If you add it, you think I'm afraid of you?
Just your second-hand broken model
I can't believe I can actually play the piano
Man Shen, why do I want to add you one?
I want to specify a track
The specified track does not work.
When Fatty Blue played the piano music just now
We didn't specify a track.
If it's okay, specify it.
How could Qin Feng complete this?
Yeah, isn't this a pre-set procedure?
How is it possible to specify
Go to the crowd to deworming
Don't worry, let him specify
Eutan, Alice.
Xiaoxue
You can start now.